all right this is the elevator at
dillards at the avenues mall got a new
camera for Christmas we're going to go
up level as you can see we can walk
around since I dread blvd killers at the
avenues role it's very nice elevator you
can hear it come down fire extinguisher
inside there the star the star means
lobby a string yeah good to talk about
that there
this is a nice collimator it's got fan
and it is a lot memories you can see I
want a number to the phone look at this
Scott the old bumper so very nice
elevator the passage is 3500 lbs don't
know if you can see out there go to one
oh you can see the fam there
let me show you the bumpers mmmm love
these bumpers had the same kind of far
away cuz my camera kind of zooms in
let's cut the goal bumper okay that was
it bye bye